
This document is for the result table generated by run_analysis.R program. The raw data required by the program must be downloaded and unzipped before running the program.

https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip 

The program will generate 181 x 69 tables including column names row as text file format without row names. 

Unit of variables

The unit of body acceleration is the acceleration signal from the smartphone accelerometer X axis in standard gravity units 'g'. And the unit of gyroscope angular velosity an data is radians/second. 


Description of variables in the table.


Subject : ID of volunteers who participated the experiments. The number of participants are 30 so the possible IDs are between 1 to 30.

Activity : Each volunteer carried out six activities while wearing a smart phones: WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, STANDING, and LAYING. So this variable can have one of these six activities.
  
DataType : Two kinds of experiments have been done: one for test data and one for training data. So this variable can have either test or train.

Belows are observed data from subjects for each activities. The data below actually represent mean value of each variables provided by Smart lLab in Italy. For example, the value in  tBodyAcc-std()-Y is mean value of tBodyAcc-std()-Y standard deviation data of the raw data grouped by subject and activities. So each subject can have up to six activities and each row is unique by subject and activity.


tBodyAcc-mean()-X : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X direction

tBodyAcc-mean()-Y : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Y direction

tBodyAcc-mean()-Z : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Z direction

tBodyAcc-std()-X : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X direction

tBodyAcc-std()-Y : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Y direction

tBodyAcc-std()-Z : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Z direction

tGravityAcc-mean()-X : mean of means of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the X direction

tGravityAcc-mean()-Y : mean of means of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the Y direction

tGravityAcc-mean()-Z : mean of means of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the Z direction

tGravityAcc-std()-X : mean of standard deviations of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the X direction

tGravityAcc-std()-Y : mean of standard deviations of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the Y direction

tGravityAcc-std()-Z : mean of standard deviations of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the Z direction

tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X direction

tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Y direction

tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Z direction

tBodyAccJerk-std()-X : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X direction

tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Y direction

tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Z direction

tBodyGyro-mean()-X : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X direction

tBodyGyro-mean()-Y : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals  in the Y direction

tBodyGyro-mean()-Z : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals in the Z direction

tBodyGyro-std()-X : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X direction

tBodyGyro-std()-Y : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the Y direction

tBodyGyro-std()-Z : : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the Z direction

tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X : mean of means of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the X direction

tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y : mean of means of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the Y direction

tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z : mean of means of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the Z direction

tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X : mean of stnadard deviations of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the X direction

tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y : : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the Y direction

tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the Z direction

tBodyAccMag-mean() : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tBodyAccMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tGravityAccMag-mean() : mean of means of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tGravityAccMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of time domain and gravity acceleration signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tBodyAccJerkMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tBodyGyroMag-mean() : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tBodyGyroMag-std() : : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() : mean of means of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm. 

fBodyAcc-mean()-X : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.
.
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Y direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAcc-mean()-Z : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Z direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAcc-std()-X : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAcc-std()-Y : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Y direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAcc-std()-Z : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the Z direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Y direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Z direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccJerk-std()-X : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Y direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the Z direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyGyro-mean()-X : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyGyro-mean()-Y : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals in the Y direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyGyro-mean()-Z : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals in the Z direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyGyro-std()-X : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyGyro-std()-Y : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the Y direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyGyro-std()-Z : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the Z direction. The Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccMag-mean() : mean of means of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyAccMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of time domain and body acceleration signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() : mean of means of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from body linear acceleration in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.
 
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() : mean of means of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of time domain and angular velosity signals in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() : mean of means of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.

fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() : mean of standard deviations of JERK signals derived from angular velosity in time domain in the X, Y, and Z directions. The mangnitude of this signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm and the Fast Fourier Tranform(FFT) was applied to signals.
 

For more information, please refer to the README and feature_info.txt file in the original data files which you can download them from the link below.

https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip 

You can also find more informaton from http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones 